What kind of thing? I don't need to lie to you.
balance
You can't diagnose mistakes with your art
advanced uterine cancer
How is it possible to conceive a child?
You are lying to me.
Or did something go wrong?
You don't have to think about it.
Even if you have his man
He won't come to you
If it weren't for you
He won't be fired either
It's all your fault
Your Majesty, you are getting bolder and bolder
Yeah, granddaughter doesn't have to put up with it anymore
Aren't you going to get a divorce?
I hope I can sign it today
Isn't divorce just letting you and Zhou Yu be happy?
I changed my mind.
I will not fulfill you even if I die
You go out
If I don't go out
If you don't go out, I'll call someone.
The more Blackie shouts, the more he dies
Impossible husband and wife who dares to judge
You bastard
You're crazy. I have a baby in my belly
Are you talented with children?
It's not mine, and I don't need it.
Are you protecting yourself like a jade for Zhou Yuhuan now?
Mr. Lu, I know you are not like me
I only say it once
Child is you
I have no appointment with Zhou Yuheng
If you dare to force me
You're ready to die with one corpse and two lives